feat: rewrite all observability docs (#847)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/dev/policies/traffic-log.md

# Traffic Log

> With `TrafficLog` policy you can easily set up access logs on every data-plane in a mesh. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `TrafficLog` policy you can easily set up access logs on every data plane in a mesh. 
```

::::

::: tip
When `backend ` field is omitted, the logs will be forwarded into the `defaultBackend` of that `Mesh`.
:::

### Matching

`TrafficLog` is an [Outbound Connection Policy](how-kuma-chooses-the-right-policy-to-apply.md#outbound-connection-policy).
For this reason the only supported value for `destinations.match` is `kuma.io/service`.

## Logging external services

When running Kuma on Kubernetes you can also log the traffic to external services. To do it, the matched destination section has to have wildcard `*` value.
In such case `%KUMA_DESTINATION_SERVICE%` will have value `external` and `%UPSTREAM_HOST%` will have an IP of the service.

## Builtin Gateway support

> Traffic Log is a Kuma outbound connection policy, so Kuma chooses a Traffic Log policy by matching the service tag of the Dataplane’s outbounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TrafficLog` is a Kuma outbound connection policy, so Kuma chooses a `TrafficLog` policy by matching the service tag of the Dataplane’s outbounds.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure what version of the `data plane` word{s} in this context should be used. Wdyt @michaelbeaumont @parkanzky?

> Since a builtin gateway Dataplane does not have outbounds, Kuma always uses the builtin service name “pass_through” to match the Traffic Log policy for Gateways.

Reviewer: cc. @michaelbeaumont @parkanzky
